feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/6555201d9b7fc917399f9f0b.md

---
id: 6555201d9b7fc917399f9f0b
title: Step 66
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-66
---

# --description--

Boolean values are `True` and `False` and they are generally used to represent the truthfulness of an expression.

> The `isalpha()` built-in function returns `True` if all the character of the string which is called upon are letters. For example, the code below returns `True`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `isalpha()` built-in function returns `True` if all the characters of the string called are letters. For example, the code below returns `True`:
```
